Spring may be just around the corner but
in many parts of this country there's
very little evidence of that this has
been one of the snowiest winters in
recent memory and yet despite the
unrelenting snowfalls and the debates
over snow clearing Canadians managed to
keep themselves saying by embracing the
season
welcome to Aylmer Quebec where Saturday
involves putting on skis and strapping
yourself to a giant kite
okay I'm standing here in the Ottawa
River I have skis and this is Simon king
with the snowboard hi Simon how are you
okay so the gist of this sport is you
get on your skis your snowboard there's
a giant kite it pulls you like really
fast across the ice but you're saying
that people get here oh yeah we get air
all you have to do is reverse the kite
up to 12 o'clock and you're going how
far up do you go 20 25 feet isn't too
difficult is there some button you can
push if you start going off the ground
yeah we've got releases on the kite so
you can get rid of that if it's hauling
you across the snow and then where does
the kite go gone and then I'm out of
thousand bucks well no we're not putting
you $1,000 Kate oh oh I have two garbage
bags blown up and tied together this is
a small kite this is the cheap cut the
cheap small kite good so am I gonna
start with skis or no no we're gonna
learn to fly the kite first okay and
that's the controls down there that's
the control bar down there okay so this
is the harness we're gonna wear and this
will keep me safely tethered to the sky
seems we like oh this yeah it's gonna go
I don't think so really
I don't think something I know a little
bit about physics
right
that is the starter flight so you're
gonna hold on to me I got a booty
assistant watch your head
oh my god almost decapitated dog the
cameraman
okay oh this is pretty this is watch
your head
I think you just about ready to put some
skis on oh yeah
strap me in baby strap
I conveniently crashed it over there
I've got the new five meter here so I'll
apply this with the skis yep let's do
this sucker you ready yes I am
oh I crashed into another kite - should
we leave the notes up till now I thought
you're all just mad people but there was
a moment there where I thought hey this
is fun
speaking of mad people I just realized
something what what okay your helmet
oh never kite ski without a helmet kid
not a good idea okay
the head is safe our safe is you're
gonna be with this thing attached here
it's gonna get for their flight right to
the top - it's fall
this is fun yeah although I'm gonna take
a break
we don't take breaks here well then
we'll take turns and now it's your turn
okay I get some fun yes you get to show
us how it's really done
you're very good thank you
you did this robot I've been doing this
for about seven years that was very
impressive I'm inspired you're gonna try
some back roll Oh
back rolls back flips broken collar ball
and I'm gonna do put the camera going
yeah that's the Mercer cam 2008 right
there hey cam yep okay ten
Oh baby I'm flying
boy
I'm glad the snow is here to break my
fall okay let's take one more run
be really careful you don't hit that big
jump oh oh no I'm not
don't you worry about that we'll be back
Oh
okay it's time for spring now okay
that's stuck in the middle of the river
so thankfully this guy's gonna give me a
ride home I feel like a float in that
Thunder Bay Santa Claus Parade